netsh http add urlacl url=https://localhost:99/ user=everyone
Development Task
----------------


A client is providing us with a structured file of their orders.
The client provides orders in a comma delimited file. An order must have at least one row, but can have many rows. Line numbers in order details must be unique.

Rows in the file are grouped into Header records and Detail records, as per the following structure.

Header Record
-------------
Column 1: H
Column 2: Purchase Order Number
Column 3: Supplier
Column 4: Origin
Column 5: Destination
Column 6: Cargo Ready date

Detail Record
-------------
Column 1: D
Column 2: Purchase Order Number
Column 3: Line Number
Column 4: Item Description
Column 5: Order Qty

The customer may not provide a destination in the header, if no destination is provided, the default should be ascertained based on the supplier.
SHANGHAI FURNITURE COMPANY - code SFC01 - defaults to Melbourne AUMEL
YANTIAN INDUSTRIAL PRODUCTS - code YIP-1 - defaults to Sydney AUSYD

Your task is to process the file and convert it into an XML representation.

The solution must be implemented using the C# language and any version of the .NET framework may be used.

Choice of UI/frontend is up to the individual but a console application is perfectly acceptable.

Your solution will be assessed on clarity and structure of your code, as well as your solution's ability to correctly process and transform the data.
A robust and functional solution which elegantly handles invalid input will be well regarded.
Automated Unit/integration tests are also recommended, at the very least code should be structured in such a way that it could readily be unit tested.
Separation of concerns, readability and simplicity will be highly regarded (KISS, DRY, SOLID, etc.)

NOTE
----
The focus of this assignment should be on showing how you can write well structured, testable code. It is intended to form the basis for a conversation about coding for the next interview.
It should not be considered a test of your ability to use any specific technology (beyond the ability to build an application in C# using any framework you like). Your choice of  framework will make very little to no difference from our perspective.

Solutions should be provided as a zipped Visual Studio project including all necessary source files, DLLs, collateral and documentation as appropriate.